Added version 8.6 and 9.0 with the new pos.load() as mandatory (#91)
miamtech/mealz-documentation: docs/web_sdk/set-up-and-usage/inform-the-library.md

window.miam.pos.load(posExternalId: string || number)
```

:::warning

> If you do not have any store selected, simply call this method with `null` or `undefined` as parameter. **Our library will not work properly if the method is not called.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have any store selected, simply call this method with `null` or `undefined` as parameter. **All features of the library that need a store won't start until miam.pos.load is called.** (Otherwise it can't tell the difference between "the store has not been initialized yet" and "the user has not chosen a store)
```
